[IMP] pos/mercado-pago: add important banner to Mercado Pago configur… (#18939)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods/terminals/mercado_pago.rst

     <https://www.mercadopago.com.ar/herramientas-para-vender/lectores-point>`_, `Brazil
     <https://www.mercadopago.com.br/ferramentas-para-vender/maquininhas-point>`_, and `Mexico
     <https://www.mercadopago.com.mx/herramientas-para-vender/lectores-point>`_.

>    - Mercado Pago payment terminals do not require an IoT Box to operate.

Reviewer: Should we be saying that these payment terminals "do not require an IoT _system_ to operate"? 

And (so I understand) you're removing the link because you figure they don't need to be able to access that info anyway, since it's not needed?

Author: Yes, we discussed that with Loredana a few weeks ago. I don't find it relevant to have a ref if it's not required, but at the same time, a ref could be useful as a form of information. What do you think?

Reviewer: Hmm, I think my gut instinct would be to keep the ref. Maybe for some, it would be enough to know that it's not needed, but maybe others would like to understand better.

application <pos/mercado-pago/point-smart>` for technical setup and acquiring :ref:`credentials
<pos/mercado-pago/credentials>` to complete the integration.

.. important::
   For the Mercado Pago terminal to work correctly, make sure to enable :ref:`Mercado Pago
   <payment_providers/mercado_pago/odoo-configuration>` as a :ref:`payment provider

>    <payment_providers/add_new>` and add the associated account credentials.

Reviewer: Isn't it overkill, and confusing, to add both these links here? Can't we just do like this:

```suggestion
.. important::
   For the Mercado Pago terminal to work correctly, make sure to :ref:`enable Mercado Pago as a payment provider <payment_providers/mercado_pago/odoo-configuration>` and add the associated
   account credentials.
```

But ... a bigger question I have is why are we adding this info in the Mercado Pago configuration section? Shouldn't this count as part of the Odoo configuration? (And is this 'enabling it as an online payment provider' only relevant for Mercado or also for other terminal setups? I'm feeling a bit confused about all this 🙃 )

Author: True!

Credentials generation
----------------------

.. warning::

>    Odoo does not support the :guilabel:`Standalone` operation mode.

Reviewer: I notice you moved this from its former position at the end of the Mercado Pago configuration section. Now it feels very much part of the Credentials section ... but is that the best place for it? Could it make more sense just to have it in the first 'Important' note at the top of the page?

Author: You're right! This poor sentence has been tossed around enough

Reviewer: Hopefully this will be its final resting place :headstone: :rofl:

Once the Mercado Pago configuration is complete, log in to your Odoo database to create a

> :ref:`payment method <pos/mercado-pago/payment-method>` using the collected credentials.

Reviewer: [I know you didn't change this, so, feel free to ignore ...]

I made a comment on your Ingenico PR questioning whether it was a good idea to have a sentence like this at the end of the [insert provider name] configuration section. Also, here, it's not just about creating the payment method, it's also enabling the terminal, right? (And maybe even the part about enabling the payment provider in this case?) So I would either make it more generic, or not have such a sentence at all.

FWIW, I don't see a sentence like this on the recently updated Adyen page, or on the Worldline page, for example.
